[Music]
you can share a graphic from one Cutting
Room to another this can be useful if
your company has separate cutting rooms
for different
purposes one in the first Cutting Room
go into the graphic you would like to
share press the three dots and click
download two once you have downloaded
the graphic log in into the other
Cutting Room where you would like to add
the
[Music]
graphic three
press upload and then select the graphic
it will then appear on the timeline of
the video and four remember to save it
as a new
template you can also drag the
downloaded file from your operating
systems finder window directly to your
Cutting Room